What's going on is bill burn.
It's time for the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
February 27th,
2017 what's going?
How's it going?
Sorry,
the podcast is a little bit late this week.
Um,
you know,
fucking checkout was,
10:00 AM at this place I was staying at and I thought I could sleep til 10 and
then do the fucking podcast and leave at noon.
That's what I thought.
You know,
I'm sorry.
Am I still in America?
Checkout time is maybe 11.
Where the fuck is it?
10:00 AM
okay.
The fuck is Trump not president anymore.
I mean,
I thought this was something that he thought he thought he was going to make it
great again.
Make it great again.
How be checked out at one in the fucking afternoon.
Once you sign an executive order,
order for that.
Your orange headed content.
How about dad is podcast.
It's not funny.
It's sad.
It's a lonely man by himself.
I'm sorry for the bad Trump impression.
Um,
anyways,
I am in Gainesville,
Florida right now and you probably wondered,
Bill,
what the fuck are you doing in Gainesville,
Florida?
Home with the Florida gators.
You know,
you're on there either in a fucking Monday and it's not football season.
Why are you here?
It's a cause I have to do the makeup date for the show that I was going to do
back in November when I was going to go to the Florida gators game down there at
the fucking swamp.
I was going to do that and go to the Florida gator Lsu game and
that game got rained out.
Whatever.
They had a fucking hurricane.
Everybody freaked out cause Jacksonville was going to get the shit kicked out of
him.
Gay Gainesville was,
you know,
as far as I'm concerned it was safe.
You know,
my complete lack of a meteorology logical background.
Is that the right word?
I don't know.
So I'm back here.
I'm back here,
you know,
in February
when nothing's going on.
Oh Shit.
What about their team?
What if they're fucking team has a good basketball team,
has a game tonight.
Maybe that's it.
Maybe that's what's going on.
I don't fucking know.
Anyways,
um,
I'm here in fucking day.
Uh,
Gainesville,
uh,
had a great time this whole weekend being out there and not Daytona,
Daytona Beach,
Florida,
and,
uh,
Jesus Christ to some of the fucking locals in Daytona.
Your heart just goes out to them.
You know what I mean?
It's just these studies,
all these things.
It's all those people that,
that people in Hollywood trash,
you know what I mean?
It's just a bunch of,
you know,
a lot of fucking white people that are just,
Jesus' life is just fucking kick the shit out of him.
Not saying everybody,
but I'm just saying,
I fucking came into town
fucking walking down the street the first night I got video of this.
I'm,
I'm walking and there's like a fight about rate of breakout outside of a pizza
joint.
And everybody there was like my age,
except they look my age,
you know what I mean?
They might have a better hairline,
which isn't hard with me,
but they're just fucking fat.
Okay.
Fucking big fat.
Fucking,
uh,
was that price low sex shit that people eat?
That was it called.
Okay.
That Shit Larry,
the cable guy talks about right.
He goes,
fucking proud sex,
ATC,
when you fucking go out and you eat a whole fucking pig and you Starbucks,
like,
what the fuck did you just do to me?
Rather than not eaten a whole fucking pig again,
you can take this shit and I'll make it feel like eating a whole pig yourself is
okay.
That shit,
they had those bodies,
lot of cargo shorts that were just frayed at the bottom.
A lot of bad tattoos.
A lot of fucking people that look like,
even if they weren't on drugs,
you know,
when people do drugs for so fucking long,
there's only so coherent that you can get back to.
We went to this fucking restaurant right on the Strip and uh,
his fucking lady,
Jesus Christ,
if she wasn't high,
she just does.
She had just done so many fucking drugs.
She brought the fucking wings over,
right?
And they were like,
they weren't ice cold.
They will room temperature,
which is fucking ice cold.
And I'm like,
yeah.
Uh,
and I hate sending food back.
We're sitting in this fucking restaurant,
right?
And we sitting in a,
it's like basically a NASCAR because we're there to go to the Daytona 500 the
next day.
Right.
It's like a NASCAR that they cut in half and put a booth in the,
in the middle of it,
right.
MMM.
Assumption.
I Dunno what the fuck it is.
And we looked up later and evidently this was the worst restaurant me and Nate
ended up going to this fucking thing.
Ended up being the worst restaurant.
It wasn't bad.
I ordered the fucking,
it looks shady
in the music they were playing.
They were playing like Zz top.
She's got legs.
They played George Thorogood twice.
Yeah.
Uh,
they played,
yes.
Owner of a lonely heart.
I was just sitting there.
It fell.
He goes,
1985 I was joking on stage that night I was wearing fucking Marty McFly to come
walking in keyword there,
fly and um,
to see some guy walking around sort of mouthing the words.
Okay.
To this joy.
And it wasn't even a good George Thorogood song.
It wasn't bad to the bone or a that whatever,
that fucking whiskey whiskey,
one scotch or one beer wasn't that one.
It was at the,
that cover their dad,
dad,
my back door.
Now my bitch don't come no more.
Bhuvan over rocking down over it.
Just sitting there going,
oh my God.
MMM.
The waitress fucked up every possible way she could have fucked up other than
just blowing your nose into the bread.
I mean,
other than that shit,
every fucking thing you could do,
she fucked up.
It was hilarious.
I've,
I felt bad for,
I could see,
you know,
she just,
we all do it.
We all do it in business.
We stay out there too long.
Madonna did it,
you know,
she still twerk and she's like 60 it's like,
but Donna for the love of fucking God,
can you dress your age?
Okay.
Could you have a shred of fucking decency for yourself so that people can just
any general sense,
look in your,
your,
your direction.
You know what I mean?
There was a bunch of guys down on Daytona beach dressing the way Madonna was
dressing.
There was a bunch of fucking guys my age still wearing tank tops where your arms
have no muscle definition anymore.
It's just us.
It looks like in order it looks like,
it looks like,
you know when somebody has like cankles you know that part of the leg where it
just,
you know,
there's no shape to the calf.
That's what the arm looks like and it's all fucking flabby and just these awful
horrific fucking tattoos.
Um,
just shit.
You pick off a wall,
somebody with the shakes just puts it on your fucking arm.
And so she comes over,
by the way,
when you go into a place like that,
because once I sit down,
I'm not leaving,
just go with the grilled cheese.
You get a grilled cheese sandwich and what can they do?
You know what I mean?
Fucking Nate odor to Hamburg.
And I was just like,
all right dude.
You know,
but if you get fucking a bowler,
I mean,
I don't want to hear your bitching about it and what does we equal lie whatever
you get.
I knew it was something with an e.
So she comes over and she's just say,
Hey,
well,
it was like one in the afternoon,
the sun just fucking blazing through the windows,
just like,
Hey,
welcome.
I'm going to be a waitress through this this evening.
And she caught herself saying evening and she just fucking plowed forward.
Uh,
you know,
[inaudible] uh,
uh,
it was like listening to it.
It was like literally like listening to a cell phone going in and out.
Right.
And um,
she brings the fucking orders over it.
She kept going,
how,
how's your meat?
Which I've never heard anybody say that I order a burger and the wings,
I've got a little dangerous with the fucking winks.
And I had the grilled cheese sandwich.
I think it was just too much for a fucking blown out brain to try to remember
what kind of protein we ordered.
So she just kept coming over going has to me,
she came over,
she gave me the Burger,
she gave Nate the fucking grilled cheese sandwich where to swing that fucking
thing around.
The chicken was fucking stone cold.
And she says she started like turn sideways when she fucked up the order and she
was like almost trying to hide behind our own shoulder.
She's like,
ah,
I'm fine to have the manager take it off and really apologize.
Uh,
and she fucking disappears and comes back two seconds later,
which was a big thing in Daytona
ordering food that should have taken at least 15 minutes.
And it returned in like two seconds.
It was very disturbing because the first night when we saw those fucking old
guys with the flabby arms pushing each other outside that fucking pizza parlor,
well let
me,
I'll take it to the whole fucking shit show.
We went into this place that we thought was a Hooters,
a fucking,
who knows?
And I'm like,
I'm not eating it here.
Any place that that is sort of in the sex industry.
It's got one foot in the sex industry.
I'm not ordering food.
And so I went in there and got a beer and we walked in and the chicks didn't
have holders,
but they all had ashes and they had shorts like up their ass.
Like half their fucking ass was hanging out.
And it was just,
you know,
it was a shit show.
And what trying to figure it out,
we're like going,
what the fuck?
What the kind of fucking who does this is holders finally admitting that hip hop
went mainstream about 25 years ago and now they're focusing on ashes.
And um,
wasn't till the next day we walked out,
we realized it wasn't a Hooters,
it was some wings joint.
And uh,
I think they're going to put Hooters out of business cause I don't think people
care about Teddy's anymore.
You know what I mean?
Plus you can have a nice rack and like you fucking ass could be as flat as a God
damn fucking desk desktop.
Right.
You know what I mean?
So and then,
then I'm going to get,
and then you just gotta,
you gotta get a pair of tents,
you know,
what do you,
what are you gonna do with that?
I love an ass and you can't have a nice ass and be out of shape,
but just doesn't fucking work.
That is the nucleus of the body.
If that's fucking in shape,
then everything else is fine.
You can have a fucking pair of tits on.
You get what I mean?
And,
and it could just be a shit show when you go south.
You know what I mean?
That's like a,
you know,
guys,
when they fucking,
they,
oh they keep lifting weights,
you know,
and they just keep trying to keep their chest out in front of their beer belly
and they keep pushing the genes down further and further.
So they still have to have 32 inch Jane.
You know,
by the way,
I think white people were the first one to wear saggy jeans.
You know,
I think we were the first ones to do it.
And that was what the guys who just refuse to buy a 34 inch than a 36 38 inch
waist.
They just kept pushing it down and letting their fucking stomach come out over
the top.
So anyways,
she's like hide behind her shoulder going on.
So I've managed to take it out of there.
So she fucking the Oh no,
I know,
I remember I was trying to say,
yeah,
how quickly the food keeps.
So the night before we went out,
after we left the fucking,
uh,
the bar where these girls had to walk around with half of their fucking ass is
hanging out.
Um,
and now that I'm a dad,
it was even worse.
I just kept thinking,
what if my daughter ends up working and this is for what?
I wanted to meet the father of all these guys and be like,
what did you do that had them end up here?
So I don't do it.
So my daughter doesn't end up here.
So we go down the fucking street and uh,
we go to this other fucking bar.
Do like they got a biker bar down there.
Cause you know they Tona has that fucking crazy biker.
We could sub shit out here.
And I'm just like,
all right,
I am not a biker and I'm not going to go in there and get fucking,
you know,
I dunno,
a pool cue fucking shoved in my year.
I don't need this shit.
Right.
So we go to this other bar,
sort of a sports bar.
We walk in,
everything's cool.
So I ordered some food,
I go,
let me get the uh,
what's,
what's the raw tuna?
It's not Shashimi as a tuna tar,
tar,
tar.
Is that what I ordered?
You know,
and,
and you know this fucking sports bar.
Why would you,
why would you order raw fish in a place like that?
It's fucking nuts.
But I did an I chips and salsa and I swear to God,
this woman walked into the kitchen,
they had the in in the outdoor and you're swinging doors.
She walked in there in the doorway,
puppet put went and then she came walking right back out and she put the fucking
food like to stuck disturbingly,
like it came back so fucking fast to look at my face.
Nate was fucking crying,
laughing and uh,
all I can say about the food is you shouldn't have to chew raw tuna.
It should be like butter,
like melts in your mouth kind of thing.
And I,
and I was chewing the shit out of it.
So anyways,
back to the fuck another place,
you know,
it's just so stupid then I'm fucking shitting on the food there.
When,
when you're sitting in a fucking NASCAR that's been cut in half and they put a
fucking booth in the middle of it,
can you really complain about the food?
Well,
you know what,
I have an hour to fill here,
so I've got it.
Um,
so this poor woman who probably had some Shitty Dad,
she ended up doing drugs.
He's trying to get a fucking order,
right?
And,
uh,
you know,
the guy's walking around Mauldin the words moving on over.
And,
uh,
this guy in the corner starts eating this burger dude and I can't even tell the
way he was fucking attacking this burger.
I was crying and laughing and I had to let you know I had to do like that,
you know,
you know when you're with somebody and you're the person you're laughing at kind
of catches you looking at them and then you want your friend to look at them
tube.
So you got to do like that kind of that stretch thing where you look back.
Fortunately it was a flat flat screen TV above his head and I just sorta like
without even blinking for toilet Chris,
just one like just turn around and look at the two day,
you know,
did like one of those things to the way this guy would it say he attacked this
burger.
Like he,
he lunged at it rather than like,
it was almost like his,
it was someone else who was holding it was the one he's trying to steal a bite
as somebody else's burger.
That's the way this guy was eating.
Like his first bite into the Burger.
He fucking lunged at it so hard.
He hit himself in the face with like the lettuce.
They're this big piece of like fucking Romaine lettuce hanging off to sell
whatever the fuck it was.
Iceberg lettuce.
And when he lunged in at it,
it like,
it fucking hit him in one of his eyes and he had a stop and blink and then he
just fucking,
he came up higher and just lunged at it again.
He was eating it like a,
like a fucking Komodo Dragon,
you know,
they just sort of fucking lunch at something.
He just just saw and rip away as it was a fucking animal.
And every,
he would lunge it.
This thing,
it was,
I could not look at him.
And I was crying,
laughing
of course,
by three bites.
He looked over and he caught me looking at him laughing.
And then I looked at Nate and I pointed at the menu like I was laughing like,
oh my God,
they have chicken fingers.
Isn't that hilarious?
Like,
I was trying to somehow get away from it.
But,
um,
long story short,
yeah,
the grilled cheese was our right.
The fucking wings were horrific.
Even when they were actually heated up.
Um,
they clearly made them hours ago,
the way they came over fucking ice cold.
And then they brought me some hot ones like three seconds later.
And so the lady comes over and she picks up our check.
She walks over the register in the,
in that short amount of time,
she already forgot where we were sitting.
And then when she came back,
you know,
Nate picked up the check.
She gave it back to me.
It was just was fucking horrific,
man.
MMM.
But other than that,
they told her beach was beautiful.
We did a show that night.
Everyone would be like,
what are you shitting on?
Fuck it.
They told her fault because that's what I saw.
I didn't know where to go.
So anyways,
I,
um,
I played the,
uh,
I want to say PBD theater because where I'm from,
that's how you say Peabody.
Peabody theater.
It's like when you need,
when you're in New York,
it's Carnegie Hall.
And when you're in Pittsburgh,
it's Carnegie.
All right?
When you're in Massachusetts,
it's,
it's PBD
and
everywhere else it's Peabody.
So we played the Peabody theater.
I had a great time,
did an hour and 20 minutes,
you know,
all new shit.
Shit that got left off of other hours.
Just had a great fucking time.
The crowd was awesome.
Got a bunch of heckles,
but they were all great.
I liked,
I liked that shit.
I don't mind when people yell out.
Yeah.
MMM.
You know,
to a point.
I don't mind it.
And I had a good time and I made a point of saying that because sometimes people
in the crowd was sorry for all the fucking heckles.
I enjoy it.
I don't mind a lively drunk ass crowd.
I'm a fucking drunk.
Okay.
And now that I've shit on everybody,
you know that I met basically in a 12 hour period in Daytona.
MMM.
Let's talk about the,
uh,
we went to the race the next day,
and by the way,
thank you to everybody who came out to the show.
I mean,
what's such a big fucking event the next day?
I mean they should have been three people in the crowd.
So the fact that it was sold,
that was fucking amazing.
So thank you to everybody.
I will definitely be back.
Uh,
but I will not be eating at that fucking place with the cars that are sawed in
half.
Uh,
so anyways,
plowing ahead here.
So the next day we go to the race and uh,
we weren't really thinking that there's going to be 250,000 fucking people.
That's like two and a half rose bowls all descending on the same fucking
okay.
The same place.
So,
okay.
All the locals are going like,
Oh man,
I'm just staying in tomorrow.
That's going to be a shit show.
Blahblahblahblahblah and when had driven from the airport,
you know,
when you get off,
what's so fucking cool when you get off at the airport,
you can actually hear them racing.
You know,
I think there was a truck race or some shit like that if you land,
you know,
I didn't get into like fucking one in the morning,
midnight actually.
So the race was already over born.
Nick got there,
you could hear him racing,
you pull out,
you can see the fucking day,
Tony International fucking speedway,
which is amazing,
right?
Legendary place.
And as you're driving by this,
all these fucking people in Rv's and all that hanging out,
wait to go in the race and do these people do not fuck around
the way they were doing it up.
Like it's the way I wish we did it at the Rose Bowl.
Like I've never seen so many.
Like
I mean legit like you could,
you could like a rock star could tour in some of these fucking mobile homes.
Um,
and the setups that they had and the fucking flat screen TVs,
you know,
on the outside with the generator and they had smokers going and everybody just
having a great fucking time waiting for this race to happen.
And evidently people who park on the infield can get there like some,
like a week or 10 days,
they've just been in there.
This,
these guys are fucking driving around the track,
you know,
getting ready to go to the race and all that.
You know,
testing out their cars and shit.
I'm qualifying for pole position or whatever the fuck it is that they're doing.
These people are sitting there like to me though,
that's it.
That throws a diehard fans,
right?
So we ended up calling a fucking Oba,
um,
the venue the night before hooked us up with this guy,
this driver.
And um,
he knew all these back ways to get there,
which was a godsend.
And he got us like right to where it says,
um,
Daytona International speedway and uh,
Nate Barr,
God sees like hooked up with some of those NASCAR guys and they came by about 20
minutes later,
picked us up in this little golf cart and just gave us the total VIP treatment.
And this is the one thing I will say about Nascar versus the NFL is the level of
fan access
to all these different do you can,
you can walk right down on the pit row.
We were sitting on the track before the race,
like a couple hours before the race.
They let you go up there.
Everybody was like taking pictures at the finish line.
And,
um,
one thing I couldn't believe was how fucking small it is as far as the width of
it.
It's like these people will go three side by side,
200 miles an hour.
They out of their minds.
Um,
you got to be right down there on pit row.
Uh,
I met Mario and Dreddy got to shake his hand and a,
that was another thing too,
like the,
just the array of like famous people that were there.
I guess the appeal of Nascar,
it was fucking nuts.
Like you'd see Mario Andretti,
which makes sense.
Race car driver.
I Gronk Koski
yeah.
Um,
Guy Fieri.
Uh,
who else?
There was some fucking model,
this gorgeous model there.
Kiano Reeves.
Let Damien,
Tom Wilson,
it was just fucking,
it was like all over the fucking map and you'd see like,
oh,
that guy,
he's the senator of fucking,
you know,
whatever.
South Carolina.
MMM.
We got to go in and you know,
we got to sit in on like the driver's meeting and all of that,
which is really fucking interesting.
I thought it was just going to be the drivers and like four of us,
but it was this giant fucking room where they let this whole crowd go into.
Is this sitting there talking to the drivers going,
all right,
uh,
you know,
it's been a lot of,
uh,
trying to bump guys off the track into the fucking stands.
You gotta stop doing that.
I mean,
I don't know why.
I didn't even know what they was.
Sam's kind of sitting behind the guy,
so it couldn't quite hear him.
But,
um,
I mean,
I can't imagine going into like a fucking
any NFL game and he got to hear the referees talking to the head coaches before
the game.
You know,
the NFL is like the God Damn Cia.
You can't get anywhere near anything.
So,
um,
we ended up,
uh,
watching the race from the infield and uh,
you know,
I knew some people there.
So we were,
at one point we were with,
um,
the people from Cisco brewery down on Nantucket.
If you ever go to Nantucket,
um,
crazy good beer.
And then they got the,
this vodka,
they have like this blueberry vodka and cranberry vodka that you fucking lady's
gonna love.
And,
um,
we hung with them for awhile and then we also were at this other fucking place
in our view was absolutely insane.
It was a bunch of fucking,
I dunno,
crashes and cautions,
it's to fucking race took forever,
but
mmm.
I Dunno.
I can't,
I still can't believe that I got to go,
go to it.
But thank you to everybody at Nascar for hooking us up.
And,
um,
I'm trying to remember who the fuck one was it Kyle Busch cow Bush one.
Right.
I went there and I just routed for fucking Dale Earnhardt jr Jr.
You know,
it's been so long since I've watched Nascar.
I'm like,
is Jeff Gordon is still racing?
Is like,
Nah,
he's retired.
Like everybody I knew was gone.
Like I watched it big time in the early fucking eighties,
late seventies,
early eighties when it was like Bobby Allenson,
Cale Yarborough,
Harry Gant,
Richard Petty.
I saw him when like his last day tone of 500,
my 81 or something.
Um,
then Cale Yarborough one to two years in a row.
Then it was a bill Elliot era.
And,
um,
I don't know,
somewhere around there,
I was trying to get through college and I started doing standup and I kind of
lost touch with it,
but I,
I still paid attention,
um,
right through the Dale Earnhardt years and,
uh,
I dunno,
I haven't watched it in a minute,
but it's,
it's fucking amazing dude.
The whole thing.
It was just such an amazing experience.
And I'm on,
I don't know,
maybe I'll go to Talladega.
Who knows?
I think that one's in May.
We'll see.
But the big thing I was excited was the fact that,
uh,
I was able to do like an hour and 20 minutes in that bore people shit that
they'd already heard before.
So,
um,
you know,
that's like the big fear.
Okay.
When you go back out on the road after you had a special commodities,
you were like,
all right,
how do I fucking do a bunch of new shit without fucking these people over?
Sorry,
I'm adjusting the microphone here without fucking these people over.
Um,
and I'm still thinking that I was funny,
especially after going on after Nate Barr.
Godsey who by the way is I'm one of like six people that got half hours on a,
on Netflix.
I think Netflix is trying to do like the HBO one night stands.
So he was running his ready to tape special in front of me and that guy's one of
the best joke writers I know and he fucking murdered.
So I was relieved that I was able to,
uh,
go on after him and have a good time.
So anyways,
is it time?
Yeah.
How about a little bit of advertising here?
Everybody.
All right,
where are we wondering the fuck is this stuff?
Yeah.
Never heard of this one.
Wondery um,
here's a podcast you should listen to.
Wait a minute.
Somebody else's podcast is advertising in my podcasts.
Yeah.
Don't listen to my podcasts.
Listen to this one.
All right.
What?
I remember this shit.
This one's actually sounded cool.
All right.
Uh,
secrets,
crimes and audio tape.
It's a podcast that has a different story every week.
Uh,
this week story is called,
this is not a Banksy.
It's about a guy who wakes up in the morning and realizes Banksy drew on his
ass.
Who the fuck is Banksy?
He gets it tattooed and now people want to collect his ass.
It doesn't go well.
It was,
it has high production values.
It's funny.
And Mario Lopez is the guest star.
Go listen to it.
All right.
This is why I liked that podcast is because it sounds different and that also
the copy was nice and short.
Is Banksy,
uh,
he's an,
he's an artist,
right?
I only know this because Nias into all that shit.
Let me,
let me look this fucking up.
So he drew on somebody's ass and then he had it tattooed.
And now what?
Who the fuck is Banksy?
Banksy is an anonymous English-based graffiti artists,
political activists and film director.
Well,
if it's anonymous,
how can they know who he is?
Um,
of unverified identity.
Oh,
there you go.
There's sacked lyrical street art and subversive.
Well then how the fuck did this guy know Banksy drew on his ass?
Mandy's got great work.
Okay.
I'm going to judge them on the two that are on his whipping Wikipedia page.
Oh,
these are amazing.
What a talented son of a bitch.
He must be really shy.
MMM.
So he does this in England.
What if it's,
what if it's somebody from the royal family?
And the reason why they don't say it is because,
you know,
graffiti's looked down upon by the,
uh,
the aristocrats,
you know,
stop drawing on our buildings.
Um,
maybe that's who it is.
So I guess he drawing somebody's ass.
Somebody who knows him well.
Well,
I'm surprised the,
uh,
the Illuminati doesn't kidnap that dude in his ass.
And he goes,
tell me who the fuck Banksy is.
Yeah.
Jimmy,
who Banksy is,
or I'll fucking scalp your ass and that painting and then your ass won't work
and it won't be worth shit.
How about that?
No Pun intended.
All right.
Dollar Shave club,
everybody.
There's no reason to use a cheap disposable razor or pay a ridiculously high
price for some gimmicky thing that's got a laser pointer with 17 blades.
Make the smarter choice and Join Dollar Shave Club before dollar shave club.
It was either saved money and get a painful shape from a disposable razor,
like the ones that they give away free at the gym,
which felt like shaving with a piece of fucking glass or pay a fortune for the
latest gimmicky shave breakthrough you don't need like a laser chin detector is
17 more blades Assam shit.
Um,
dollar shave club is the best of both worlds.
A premium shape at a disposable price.
Get a close shave.
I get a close,
smooth shave every time.
And you can't beat the convenience or the price of the club if you haven't tried
dollar shave club yet,
you're missing out.
It's an amazing shave at an affordable price.
There's no smarter choice on the market.
And right now they're giving away a one month trial for any of their razors for
a dollar with free shipping free.
Um,
and after that,
it's just a few bucks a month.
There's no long term commitments,
no hidden fees.
And you can cancel whenever you want.
Get your $1 trial@dollarshaveclub.com slash bird that's dollar shave
club.com/bar oh look who's back,
everybody.
It's my favorite.
It's all zip.
Are you hiring?
Well,
our,
yeah.
Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates?
Posting your job in one place?
Eh,
it's not enough to find quality candidates.
She wants to find the perfect hire.
You need to post your job on all the top job sites and God dammit.
Now you can with ziprecruiter.com you can post your job to 2100 plus job sites,
including social media networks like Facebook or the Twitter,
all with a single click.
Find candidates in any city or industry nationwide.
Just post once and watch your qualified candidates roll in to all zip,
easy to use interface.
No juggling emails or calls to your office.
Quickly screen candidates,
rate them and hire the right person fast.
Find out today why Zip Cruda has been used by fortune 100 companies and
thousands of small and medium sized businesses.
And right now my listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free by going to
ziprecruiter.com burr.
That's ziprecruiter.com/ [inaudible] one more time.
Try It for free.
Go to zip,
proto.com/pat.
All right,
is this the last one lastly,
but not leastly up stamps.com they're always a headliner.
You know,
I used to have [inaudible] dot com anytime I have a host,
a poster I need to mail out.
You know,
I'm going to whore myself out.
Meeting the meeting,
the people out there with their bad tattoos and they're sweaty hands,
postage rates can uh,
have gone up again.
That means trips to the post office a are an even bigger hassle.
Man.
It's so crowded,
but thanks to stamps.com you don't got to worry about that shit.
That's for the fucking pee on.
It's not you.
You're better than that,
right?
You were in a suite.
Eat a little surf and turf next to the fucking orange card.
Just use stamps.com to automatically calculate and print the correct amount of
postage for every letter or package you sent stands dotcom brings all the
surfaces of the US Postal Service right to your fingertips.
They'll send you a digital scale.
Oh my God,
it's beautiful.
Automatically calculate exact postage stamps.com we'll even help you decide the
best class of mail based on your needs.
They give you postage discounts that you can't get it to post office,
including 3 cents off every first class stamp.
Right now,
use my code burpee.
You are are for this special offer,
four week trial that includes postage and a digital scale at scale.
Sorry,
go to stamps.com.
Click on the
microphone@thetopofthehomepageandtypeinburrthatstampsdotcomenterburrandsignuptodaywithstamps.com
you'll never,
uh,
with scott.com you'll never have to go to the post office again or listen to me
read out loud again during this fucking podcast.
All right,
let me,
uh,
select all of this and then delete it so I can get to the fucking questions for
this week.
Dollar Shave Club,
which was the first one.
The first one was the,
uh,
the Banksy.
Banksy fucking tattooed my ass.
Um,
all right.
Oh,
by the way,
everybody,
uh,
I mentioned lately that uh,
I'm,
I'm going to be certain posts,
some videos up to my youtube,
my youtube page.
Uh,
I'm going to a bunch of videos from the Daytona 500.
I'm going to have,
um,
at www.youtube.com/users/monday morning podcast.
I'm going to give the fucking video to my guy this week.
He's going to edit it and get the shit up there.
Okay.
I'll,
I'll tweet about it when it gets up there.
All right,
so speaking of stamps,
I bought some stamps today.
I did not use stamps.com I was driving from a Daytona beach up here to
Gainesville.
And rather than going like the highway way,
I,
I w I took the longer route cause I want to see some shit.
Right.
Like going by these fucking,
okay.
My brother told me it's called folk art.
I guess I drove by this woman's house.
So this guy's house,
I don't know.
I thought it was a woman,
but you don't have like a giant tyrannosaurus rex,
a fucking bull.
Like kicking his legs up.
Like all these giant things that you can put on your fucking lawn.
I guess.
I don't know what all this crazy stuff that,
you know,
you don't see that when you take 75 north,
it's just going to be a bunch of Arby's.
We got the meats.
It's going to be the same fucking 10 chains and a god Damn Walmart.
I've seen that a zillion times.
But if he,
if he'd take the old school,
the,
the fucking route 66 Jack Kerouac ways,
it takes longer,
but you see a bunch of cool shit.
So I was fucking driving along there and uh,
I came upon a post office and Lo and behold,
I had a,
I had a built that I need to pay and I didn't have a fucking stamp,
so I fucking pull in and the local center in there.
And I'm listening to this guy tell his fucking hilarious story.
Uh,
first of all,
I love the pace of it too.
I love the pace of a small town where I don't give a shit that this guy's
telling the story.
He's such a fucking character.
I'm enjoying it.
I'm already second in line because there's nobody fucking there.
Right?
And he's telling his story about how somebody cut him off,
you know,
and it's not driving too fast.
And then the woman behind the counter then tells her story about how she was
doing 15 someone pulled out in front of her and her son and his son blew the
horn.
And when they pulled up next to him at a red light,
the guy fucking head,
he had a pistol and he fucking just brought it up looking at him like,
you know,
pointing at the ceiling of his car.
He just sort of brought it up like that.
And then the guy's like,
egos can't do that.
Can't do that.
I write dad,
such a terrorist act that's brand is should brandishing a weapon.
And you started talking about brandishing a weapon.
You can't do that.
That'll make somebody want to,
uh,
you know,
do some sort of self defense is what they were saying.
And I was just like,
this is fucking crazy out here.
But actually I think that they said that,
that that happened up in Charlotte or something like that.
I guess the road rage is off the fucking chains in Charlotte,
North Carolina.
That's what I love about a small town.
I never would have heard that.
You know,
it's fucking guy with his white uncle Jesse Beard,
tell his story,
brandishing a weapon.
And I was just sitting there totally not even given a fuck that I was standing
in line at the post office,
completely enjoying the story and praying to God that this guy then took out his
weapon because I wanted,
I wanted to see where this was going to go next.
But you know,
they didn't say anything like,
Oh,
I should've got his license plate and Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah.
Um,
I dunno.
That's why I stay off the 75 north.
Cause I never would have heard that,
you know,
bite stayed on the 75 north.
I would have heard,
you know,
uh,
can I get the fuck in a,
can I get a double cheeseburger with the bucket global bu I don't wanna hear
that shit.
Um,
oh,
I know a lot of you guys are expecting me to talk about the Oscars,
but I didn't watch them.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't watch award shows unless I'm home.
If I'm home,
then,
uh,
my wife's watching them and then I watch it with her because I like making fun
of him while she watches him cause it makes her mad.
She doesn't get mad mad,
but she gets like upset.
But,
uh,
I heard about the,
the big,
the big fucking thing there in the end where a Warren Beatty came out and he's
like a little wetter for the best picture.
2017 goes to Lala land and evidently the poor people from la La land went up.
There were two speeches in before they realized that it was actually going to
moonlight,
starring Civil Sam Shepard and a Bruce Willis,
I believe.
Um,
I dunno what the fuck happened.
All I know is once I heard that that happened,
I didn't want to watch it.
You know,
I don't like watching people like that level of fucking awkwardness,
you know?
And just seeing Warren Beatty be that fucking old.
And I just realized his last fucking name was what that fucking robot was saying
on close and not that close encounters.
What was that?
What does that stupid fucking shit?
Buck Rogers would,
they had that little stupid fucking robot go right?
Bidi Bidi Bidi Bidi z St Beatty,
baby baby baby.
There was a stupid,
like somebody came up with someone who's sitting in a fucking writer's room and
they're like,
all right,
star wars is all the rage.
We got to somehow make money off this.
How are we going to do buck Rogers?
That doesn't seem that bad.
I mean,
it was around before star wars and one of the things we got to have like an r
two d two and c three Po and the networks like,
well we're not fucking iron two actors.
It's going to be too expensive.
Combined both characters is stick a fucking midget and that God damn suit,
right?
So I will see three pos,
kind of a fucking smart cut with an English accent.
I would just have this thing be a moron.
And you just see it as a catch phrase.
Why not?
What's the catch?
Well,
you fucking come up with it and the writers are probably so pissed.
All right,
let's just come up with the dumbest shit we can possibly say and see what this
fucking industry person says.
I ease a little fucking,
he looks like a little kid,
George Washington,
but he's painted all silver and he's made out of metal.
And before he talks,
he walks around,
he goes,
Bidi,
you know,
and then they just sat there and they kept the fucking straight face.
And that's one of those moments in life,
you know,
when you throw it on the table,
you're looking at that person,
they looking at you.
And it becomes one of those moments where whoever talks first loses and you just
fucking wait it out.
And then the fucking person goes,
ah,
yeah,
go with that.
And they're like,
great,
awesome.
Well let's go do some cocaine.
It's,
and it's not fucking addicting,
right?
It's fucking the late seventies.
Um,
yeah,
so I didn't,
I didn't see,
uh,
I didn't see any of it.
Sorry.
I know I got a bunch of tweets.
Can't wait to hear your take on the Oscars.
I did not see it.
What I did see was that the fucking Boston Bruins one again.
Okay.
One again.
It all my fucking wine and about wine and about,
uh,
you know,
them getting rid of Clo Julian.
Uh,
according to Bob Beers,
the Bruins are playing much looser and more confident under Bush.
Bruce Cassidy,
sorry,
should I say butch Bruce Cassidy.
Um,
so with the new man on the bench,
the Boston Bruins look like a new team.
The bees are,
and one since Bruce Cassidy took over as interim coach averaging four goals per
game while scoring the first and six of those contests,
they exploded for six goals is Sundays matinee went over the stars,
but the star suck this year and a 98.5.
The sports hub,
Bruins analysts,
Bob Beers says he's seen a much looser and more confident team.
Uh,
take the ice since Cassidy took over for Khloe.
Julian,
they have a little more leash and a little more freedom to make some plays.
Not to the point where they're being reckless or carried away,
leaving themselves exposed at the other end,
but they're encouraged to play more offensively.
Um,
I gotta tell you,
man,
they've been playing great,
so I don't know what it is.
So,
you know,
I guess I was wrong.
I still think Khloe,
Julian's and fucking great coach putting into maybe maybe everybody needed to
change.
You know,
maybe that's what it is.
Like you stay with the same person for a while.
He just gets sick of them.
You know,
when this is like the new girlfriend,
you're all excited.
You can go out of the old places,
but it's new for the both of you to go there.
I don't know.
All he knows is fucking working and I absolutely loved,
loved the Boston Celtics not making a move before the trade deadline.
I think that was fucking genius.
It was.
It would have been so fucking stupid to give up draft picks in some players that
we had,
you know that they were going to want like Marcus smart in fucking Jae Crowder
and a bunch of draft picks.
At the very least we were going to have to fucking give up that to bring in who?
Camella Anthony.
You know
who's,
who's going to,
he's going to tell fucking everybody to clear out and then not get back on d you
don't need that shit and even if he got us past the Cavaliers,
why don't know.
You know he's beaten the fucking warriors this year.
We're certainly not.
You give up all of that shit to do.
What?
Common second place instead of fourth.
Who gives a fuck?
This is the Boston Celtics.
We got to win another championship.
The Lakers Elian about the amount of fucking champions championships they have.
They padded their resume with one.
We need to win another one.
Put a little distance between them and I think this fucking move right there
being patient enough to just say,
no,
we're staying in the God damn course.
We got all these draft picks,
you know,
who knows?
Maybe that kid from Duke comes out.
Uh,
Tatum.
Maybe he's one and done.
Who knows?
And you know,
they got that.
It was that other kid and some kid on Kansas,
I guess he's like a point guard or something like that.
I don't know what the fuck we need.
I don't know shit about basketball,
but I love not giving it to the stupid pressure that you know you're supposed to
make a move,
you know,
that'll make you better in the short run.
But fuck you.
Fuck over all the work you've been doing over the last three,
four years.
So Daddy,
age,
Danny Age.
Love it.
Absolutely love it.
All right,
let's do some reads for this week because I'm,
I'm actually going to drive down to Tampa tonight and I'm going to go,
uh,
yeah,
I'm going to go to the fucking Tampa Bay versus the fucking Ottawa senators game
tonight.
But Pam never been to a game there.
We'll see how it is.
All right for reads.
All right,
this is what I got here.
Oh,
four reads was the advertising.
It's not for questions.
Let me get rid of that.
Okay.
Boyfriend birthday gift.
Hey there,
Billy birthday boy,
my boyfriend,
my man recently celebrated a birthday and I contemplated for weeks what I would
get them.
You have to listening to many podcasts episodes I picked up on your advice to
freshly single men.
Uh,
get yourself all the sports packages.
I took old Billy boys advice and bought my guy is subscription for any Chell TV.
All these shit.
You're a fucking angel for the remainder of the hockey season.
Parentheses go pants.
That's great too.
So he and his and his team is uh,
uh,
a contender,
so it'll be fun to watch and NFL Sunday ticket for the upcoming football season.
He's beyond thrilled.
Of course he is.
Thanks for the laughs and most importantly,
thanks for the birthday suggestion.
All right ladies,
did you hear that?
You know what's great about all of that shit is it's so fucking easy to do.
That's the one phone call.
You don't have to go out and go shop.
You don't have to go get something fucking engraved.
It's perfect.
And if anybody wants to outdo this woman,
you know what you do is you get them the perfect chair to sit there and watch,
you know,
and then what you do.
He should get life insurance and as he slowly eats and drinks himself to death
watch and all these sports,
you know,
you're going to win either way.
Either he's going to be around and he's going to be this big lovable fucking,
you know,
grizzly bear over there watching his games or he's going to fucking die and
you're going to get paid.
You know,
there you go.
Good for you.
That's a,
that's a great guy.
I would love that.
I would,
I would be thrilled with that gift.
Alright.
Who versus who?
Ah,
the little Aristocrat fucking conversation here.
Uh,
the actual rule,
I always get these confused and I love that you guys are going to fucking help
me out here.
Cause I actually use whom the other day somebody told me that when you use who
is is,
is if you could substitute it with he or she,
you.
But if you're talking about they are us or a Soliloquy,
then you use home.
I don't know.
Anyways,
he said the actual rule to use who?
With the subject in whom?
Oh,
the actual rule is to use who with the subject.
In whom?
With the object.
So it's a subject like a person.
Yeah.
No I don't.
I'll never get to stop.
It's like live versus lay.
The baby on the bed lies down,
but when you put the baby on the bed,
the baby is laid down.
All right.
How was that supposed to help me?
All right,
let's try and figure out the subject and the object.
Oh my God,
I'm going to start fucking hyperventilating.
This takes me to high school.
They call on you like,
I don't know.
Just give me a fucking zero.
Jesus Christ.
How many fucking times you got to call on me.
I don't know the answer before you figured out you need to call on somebody
else.
Quarterback keeps throwing to somebody.
They keep dropping the ball.
They they,
they go to somebody else.
You fucking idiot.
Punt.
All right.
The baby on the bed lies down.
All right,
so the baby is to subject is the bed,
the object.
But when you put the baby on the bed,
that's an object.
The baby's laid down.
All right.
Well what the fuck?
Yeah.
Who laid the baby down versus Billy boot?
Blue balls laid home down.
All right.
I gotta slow down.
Who laid the baby down?
You did.
You did shoot that poison Arrow through my
shoot.
That poison arrow.
Thank you.
Good night.
Took me back.
I always sing that song,
didn't he?
It and I always say,
whoever sinks that fucking song,
you know that they close with it and then that's how they end that song.
That's how they ended.
They go shoot that poison Arrow Dubai.
Ah,
shoot that poison arrow.
Thank you.
Good night.
Yeah,
the surprise ending.
Oh,
I thought you're going to go through my heart again,
but you did.
All right.
So who laid the baby down?
Versus Billy balls laid whom down.
Okay.
Who laid the baby book called?
So if I went like,
who drank all this fucking beer?
Billy blue balls was who drank all the beer?
I can't fucking do it.
Who drank all his beard?
How come I can't plug that in.
All right,
well somebody says something about a baby.
I have a baby my life.
So I have a chance.
I can at least get that one right.
Oh,
Jesus sent right back down to the minors.
Okay.
Yeah.
Once again,
he grounds into an inning ending.
Double play.
Fucking kill that goddamn dream.
Okay.
I,
oh,
I don't understand.
I just don't fucking get,
this has been explained to me.
50 million.
I never understood how fucking planes flew.
And then I got my pilot's license and they think they were able to fucking
explain it to me.
Who laid the baby down.
Okay.
Versus Billy blue balls laid to whom?
Down.
All right,
so I'm the subject and the first one
and then,
and then what?
The baby becomes an object like are you talking shit about my kid here?
Billy blue balls laid home down.
The actual rule is to use who with the subject and who with the object.
So I'm more important than my kids.
So I'm the object here is that I'm done.
I'm the subject.
But then now that doesn't mean it.
Can you sense?
Because it king has subjects and they have to do whatever the fuck they,
he tells him.
I'll tell you right now,
I don't know.
I don't feel any closer to to the the finish line than I was Jesus.
The amount of empathy that I have for all the fucking teachers in my life.
Okay.
That this is the fucking party.
They're trying to mold into something.
All right?
You know what?
It's great for Great Barrier Reef.
For Fuck's sakes,
Bill.
Stop saying the Great Barrier Reef is dying.
Get your pasty white ranger ours down here.
Get in the water and have a look for it.
It's not dying yet.
Is your current,
what are you assigned to?
I'm going by what the fucking scientist is saying.
Okay.
And I wanted to go fucking nuts,
snorkeling over there.
Said you better do it now cause I'm not going to let people go there much
longer.
Yeah.
And if you don't know what a ranger is that we are,
C's call redheaded fucks like you.
Okay.
A range of being short for a rang a tank.
Oh,
I get,
isn't that cute?
Well,
you know what?
Maybe you can say that to me next time he come down there and do a fucking show.
All right.
Why don't you do that?
I don't give a fuck.
You think I give a fuck?
But what's some con is the bottom of the fucking world with like three quarters
of your goddamn country,
you can't even go to
the tire.
Middle of that fucking content is you continent.
You can't even live there.
What else do you do on Australia Day?
Do you drive around in your poor excuse for a fucking El Camino?
Um,
anyways.
Oh yeah,
he's one of those fucking guys.
Oh,
it's fine.
It's still fucking there.
You know,
I'm going to look this shit up right now.
Okay.
All right.
Great.
Barrier Reef.
Let me see what I get and let me guess because it doesn't agree with you then
it's going to be fake news.
Great Barrier.
Reef dead.
Okay.
Uh,
the Great Barrier Reef is not actually dead.
CNN dramatic.
I've got,
what about dying?
Let me see.
Dying.
Okay.
Die.
He let me see dying.
MMM.
Corals are dying on the great barrier.
Reef scientists have discovered an unprecedented die off of the,
in the world's largest reef.
The Great Barrier Reef prompt.
Yeah,
there you go.
Right there.
Okay,
great.
Barrier Reef not dying.
Australia insists.
Oh,
I get it.
This is your big tourist attraction.
This is your Ferris wheel.
So you want people to keep flying down there so they can jump on the water with
a bunch of great white sharks,
because there's nothing to see on land down there because three quarters of your
fucking countries unlivable and God knows if you go out there,
it's so fucking unlive.
That's why they're snakes and everything down there and so fucking poisons
because there's such a lack of food
that a snake,
if it just grazes somebody,
they gotta make it count cause God knows they're not going to see anything
edible for fucking weeks.
Australia insists that it's not fucking dying.
I love it.
Okay,
well that's fucking credible.
That's how you make all your money.
All those fucking con's going down there and this scuba gear because they
learned how to hold their breath and breathe underwater and a fucking swimming
pool,
and they've got themselves a little scooper card and now they're going to go
into God's swimming pool.
A fucking ocean.
All right.
That's got all this shit that can kill him like God.
That's what it is.
Okay,
I get it.
I'm sorry.
I was fucking with the tourist attraction there.
That'd be like you guys down there saying that he can't go up into the arm or
the statue of liberty anymore.
It's going to snap off.
MMM,
it is.
Diane.
You stupid.
Fuck.
All right.
Anyways,
I absolutely believe that it is.
Why wouldn't it be all this shit that we're doing?
Why would everything else is fucking dying?
Everything else is completely fucked.
But that is,
uh,
maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Let me,
you know what?
I actually,
I looked it up.
Uh,
let me look up,
not dying.
Let's see what this said.
Great Barrier Reef.
But if this is all from fucking Australia,
I'm not buying it.
Great Barrier Reef not in danger can be a big picture of fucking Trump.
Scuba diving.
The Great Barrier Reef.
Not Quote in danger.
Tourism and mining groups have welcomed a whatever recommendation that the great
barrier reef be left off the world.
Heritage in danger.
Yeah.
Touring,
tourism,
mining these people,
I'll make money off it.
Uh,
should the Great Barrier Reef be listed as endanger UNESCO.
Great Barrier Reef is not in danger but needs care.
You went Asperger experts say great barrier reef.
Yeah.
This is all because you're not making money off of it.
Great Barrier Reef Outlook.
Poor but not in danger.
This is like what you guys are doing with the Great Barrier Reef now is what we
do with our food supply.
Okay.
You know,
it's not the best for you,
but it doesn't necessarily cause cancer.
Um,
and you know what,
buddy?
I hope you're right.
I hope it isn't,
but I know God.
Good guide them.
Well that you're not a fucking scientist.
I know I'm not a scientist and I know that scientists say that it is fucking
dying,
but anybody for what I just did my research for 30 seconds was anybody that
makes money off of it,
say it says that it isn't.
So,
I dunno.
Can I,
can you,
if you can write me back with a fucking scientists or some sort of fucking group
of them that don't make money off it or not getting paid to say that it's
fucking dying,
uh,
it's not dying then,
then I'll believe it.
Okay.
So what a mom.
I'm still fucking openminded.
MMM.
All right.
Obama News,
censorship.
Uh,
hey,
Mister bill,
um,
Bill Burr.
I have listened to the past couple of podcast where some of your listeners have
messaged in about Obama's.
Suppose it's censoring of news media and a bit of further research.
It seems like they're most likely inaccurate or just wrong.
Now let me ask you this sir cause I looked it up.
Okay and for what I could tell it was accurate but what I'm guessing is you're
an Obama fan so now you're going to tell me this is fake news.
Now you just saw where I was able to look up shit where it said it was dying and
then the isn't dying and it's just all what you choose to believe.
Right a while the bill is real.
The conclusion that it would cause the shutdown in silencing of dissenting
opinions seems incorrect.
It's supposed to find the identity when foreign countries are involved in
spreading propaganda to allow us news sites to know where information is coming
from.
I have a liberal bias and and probably overlooking some things.
Oh there you go.
This guy is an adult.
Okay.
You know what?
I take back everything I said but it seems like that the bill is not nearly as
bad as certain sites and making out to be,
which I would agree with cause that that's going to be the Fox News people.
Thanks for the podcast and the latest special,
uh,
this is what I would guess,
which is obviously a total guest because I'm a fucking moron.
I'm guessing it's not as bad as people on the right are saying it is,
but I am definitely of the belief that there's always that wiggle room in there
that,
you know,
as they're presenting something,
that everybody wants to be prevented,
which should be a propaganda from our fucking enemies,
which actually don't even think it's that bad.
I'm not against hearing their take on things.
Um,
but it would also allow them,
it's kind of like,
you know,
after nine 11 where it was just like,
we need to listen,
we need to be able to listen in on people's phone conversations.
But if you're not doing anything wrong,
you know,
a,
it's then a fucking bomb.
You know,
it's,
this is just for terrorist and then it just becomes a way for them to spy on you
even more.
And then years later you see that whole fucking Snowden thing and he's taken
off.
Okay.
Basically saying,
I'm not going to help you guys build this thing.
The greatest nerd of all time is that snowed guy.
You know,
it was supposed to as other fucking pussy.
So just keep fucking,
you know,
okay.
I've always said it,
you know,
total psychos,
like a complete psycho as no fucking power,
you know,
without nerds,
nerds give them the ability to be as cycle on a psycho,
on a fucking global level.
Okay.
Is his nuts as Trump is his Dutch is fucking Hillary is Dutch is fucking push.
It's not just all these fucking loaded techs are then that shit without nerds
creating the technology for them to,
uh,
you know,
go psycho on a global fucking level.
I mean,
if it wasn't for fucking nerds,
yeah,
we'd still be attacking each other with sticks.
Okay.
You know,
I,
I couldn't figure out how to make a gun.
All right.
Lost my 401k.
Hey,
Bill.
Uh,
well,
the cut to the chase,
I'm 51 years old.
Divorced son is in jail for hitting his mother who was a lunatic,
who Jesus Christ.
And I received a $49,000 settlement and it blew it all on California lottery.
This can't be real.
I really feel like throwing in the towel.
Can you tell me what you would do if you were in my awful shoes?
All right.
If this is even remotely real.
MMM.
Let's see.
This is probably fake,
but whatever I can,
I can,
but other people have completely fucked up their lives.
So I'll,
I'll talk to them.
And You sir,
if you're actually telling the truth,
um,
the biggest thing you got going for yourself is you know that you're a moron and
you fucked up your life.
So I would sit down and I would look at the decisions that I've made,
figured out why I made those fucking decisions.
Yeah.
I refuse to believe that you're dumb enough to get $49,000 and spend all of it
on the California lottery.
I would think that some of it went to bear.
Some of them.
It went to Wade.
Come on somebody.
He had 49,000 bucks.
You didn't get yourself a new truck.
Come on,
come on.
I Dunno.
Can you tell me what you would do if you were in my awful shoes?
Uh,
I would get a fucking job,
first of all,
I would stay away from um,
okay.
That stay away from your ex wife.
Yeah.
Your son's in jail for hitting your mother.
So that would mean he's of age.
Um,
so you're not paying any child support.
Okay.
So maybe there's some alimony.
MMM.
I Dunno.
I try to teach my son not to hit my mother.
I mean,
I'm a mother.
My my not to hit his mother.
I know,
dude,
you got you.
You got water coming in from all sides here.
I don't know what to tell you.
MMM.
If you get money,
I would save it rather than gamble it away.
Okay.
And uh,
but you're only 51 years old,
dude.
This is what I would do.
I would start,
we'd start [inaudible] get a little bit as fucking self esteem and have a little
more belief in yourself that you can make it,
other than trying to do a fucking nine zillion to one shot,
which you tried to cut down to a 49,002 with 49,000 shots at a billion to one.
Um,
yeah,
dude,
I don't know what to tell you,
man.
I think you're going to be fine.
You 51 years old,
you know,
it's still got,
he still got some years ahead of you,
but I would just,
uh,
I,
I wouldn't throw my fucking money away like that.
I mean,
I don't know how to give you advice if you blew all your money on lottery
tickets.
Uh,
but I don't want you to throw in the towel.
You know what I would do?
I would write a fucking book,
steer into it.
You know,
like either it's the comic's comic.
You might be the losers loser.
Write a fucking book about it.
You know,
we'll make some youtube videos and just tell your fucking story gets some
advertising,
right?
Maybe you can make a little bit of money that way.
Shit,
it's easy to make 49,000 bucks off the fucking Internet.
There's enough people that people love,
people failing.
Who Fuck's failed more than you turn it around.
Turn that failing into a fucking positive.
Tell you fucking story.
Start going around to schools telling people what not to do.
I don't know what you should do,
but don't do what I did.
Right.
That's a country lyrics.
They always,
they're always doing that shift.
Like I was thinking on the drive over here talking about this person in front of
me was driving so slow.
I was like,
Jesus Christ,
she got all the time in the world and I'm like,
that's such like a country lyric that they would flip around.
You know,
I got all the time in the world and then I don't want to go live.
And you know,
you say it's a juxtaposition there.
You don't,
I mean it's like I got all this time my hands,
but I don't want any time because I'm a mom.
My woman left me or something like that.
Right.
It's like,
wait up fucking bull wants to fuck a cow but ain't [inaudible] around but a pig.
You know what I mean?
It's one of those type of things.
I would just stare into it sir.
Yeah.
I would turn it into entertaining stories is somehow tell them,
but I'm also a comedian that that's what the fuck I would do.
Other than that,
I would stay away from your ex wife and um,
I dunno.
I Dunno what to do with your son.
Try to set a better example
by not blowing all your money on lottery tickets.
Maybe that's,
that's the thing.
I don't know.
Sorry.
You were in that situation.
If you actually are all right,
texts sent to the wrong person at work.
Oh Jesus.
This is never good.
Uh,
dear Billy Graham cracker tits,
um,
I never thought I'd be in a situation where I needed to write in into you like
this,
but here I am in a pinch.
For the last couple of years,
certain people at my work have been getting very relaxed with their work ethic
and punctuality.
So much so that another coworker and I have written an album of songs about its
absurdity since our office is,
well,
maybe you can write a song about the guy who just wrote in above me,
you know,
you guys,
and then he'd go on American idol.
I Dunno.
Anyways,
since ours is an office of about 10 people,
everybody's job directly relates to everyone else's and it puts extra strain on
the rest of us.
Recently two of the worst offenders,
both ladies,
not that it matters,
um,
have actually,
but I mentioned it,
uh,
have actually gotten promotions for some reason.
With that said,
this morning I noticed one of the ladies accomplished a task in our project
manager,
uh,
to bring food to an office potluck,
lunch
being the snarky asshole I am.
I took a screenshot to send to my likeminded coworker with the texts,
quote,
think,
and then the person's name is going a little overboard here.
Somehow she only creates to do,
she can get done,
can't get shit done for work,
but for food,
the bitches all over it.
When I didn't hear back from after 10 minutes,
I felt this first wave of panic.
I knew it immediately.
The texts had been sent to the lady.
Yeah.
Cause what happens is you're thinking about that person and you think thinking
about their name and Oh my God,
we've all done this completely flustered.
I sent a flurry of apology text but she didn't respond.
All this was happening around eight 30 which is when people are supposed to
arrive.
This work are usually shows up around nine 45 or 10 but that's beside the point.
What can you unsend the text?
I Dunno.
Just some nerd know how to do that.
Anyways,
after I didn't hear from her,
I checked the calendar and saw that she was on vacation for the next 10 days.
Oh No.
But I know she got the text and now I'm worried about what she thinks and
whether it's going to be weird in the office.
What do I do?
She's not a bad person.
And when you called her a bitch too.
And I have to work with her regularly before realizing she was out,
I already bought flowers and put them on a desk in order to cover the stench of
my own failure.
Now Dude,
you can't,
he goes,
cause she knows what you really think.
I'm guessing I shouldn't leave them there.
Let her come back to dead flowers either.
Congratulations on your baby girl.
And of course you laid a special sincerely.
I done fucked up.
MMM.
Where is she on vacation and is there a way to unsend all of those text
messages?
That's what I would try to do over the next 10 days.
I would not apologize anymore.
I would not give flowers and this is what you gotta do,
Dude.
You got to fucking man up and when she calls you out on it,
be like,
Yup,
I was,
I'm not going to tell you who I was sending it to.
Don't rat out the other person on any fucking level.
Do not rat out the other person you piece of shit if you do it.
Do not rat them out.
Um,
I would actually say I was actually sending it to this girl.
I know who doesn't work here.
Okay.
Just say that.
MMM.
And I was bitch to her about people at work and when she calls you out I would
just say,
listen,
you know what?
They'll send sugarcoating it.
You're supposed to be here at eight 30 show up at nine 45,
10 o'clock get dog.
And he is setting a bad example and I like working hard.
And that text came from the frustration of watching you working in setting the
example of not working up to your potential.
It makes it a bad experience out here.
So that,
that's why I did it.
If you mad at me.
I understand.
But you know I,
I stand by that text message.
I shouldn't have called you a bitch.
I was just saying that the way,
you know,
Richard Pryor says it.
I was just trying to be funny.
But you know,
you showing up an hour and 15 to an hour and a half late every day,
it's,
it's not good for the morale around the office.
That's what,
that's where that came from.
So there you go.
And I'm sorry I sent it to you,
but you know
that's it.
Fuck it.
That's all.
That's the only card you got to play.
Be like,
yeah,
I sent it.
Although you did fucking put your hat in your hand and apologize.
Yup.
Boy,
can you please write back and let me know how it pans out.
I'd love to know.
All right.
With that,
that is a podcast for this week.
MMM.
I'll check in on you on Thursday.
And uh,
this time next week I will be in Phoenix,
Arizona doing two shows a night.
He had a commodity club also known as a comedy club and uh,
be fucking polishing up this fucking hour so I can go on the road,
not embarrass myself like this guy did with his text message.
You poor bastard.
We've all been there.
You know what?
Even the lady that you'd,
you're writing too.
I bet she's done it too.
Uh,
but she's letting you squirm or,
or she's in Aruba or she someplace where she didn't get the text message and
maybe you cannot do it.
Maybe you can fucking undo what was already done.
This is,
this is another fucking movie.
Yeah.
This is a fucking movie.
This is like weekend at Bernie's meets,
uh,
Steve Jobs.
Fucking one of those things when we used to walk out and be like,
look,
now you can swipe texts and every,
he's like,
oh right.
That's what you do.
If you get fired,
sir,
you should write a fucking script.
Write a fucking script about somebody who sent the wrong text message to their
boss.
Send a text message to the wrong person.
That person's on vacation.
Okay?
And then eventually you're going to have to fly down there.
You know that you,
you can coast star with the guy with the eyes.
He always said the ice thing that he got from fucking Al Pachino.
What was,
what was the name of that actor?
He was in a bout last Andrew McCarthy,
right?
You guys,
maybe you can fucking executive producing.
See that.
That's the great thing about entertainment.
No matter how bad you fuck up and it'll,
it makes,
the more you fuck up on your personal life,
the more material you get.
As a comedian and you get a script out of it.
I Dunno.
You don't sound fulfilled.
Maybe.
Maybe you can be a script writer.
All right.
That's it.
Go Fuck Yourself.
You cunt,
and I'll,
I'll talk to you on Thursday.